---
title: Redmi Note 12 5G China MIUI V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM Update
layout: download
name: Redmi Note 12 5G China
codename: sunstone
permalink: /miui/sunstone/stable/V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM/
---
<nav aria-label="breadcrumb">
    <ol class="breadcrumb">
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/">Home</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/">MIUI</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/sunstone/">Redmi Note 12 5G China</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item active" aria-current="page">V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM</li>
    </ol>
</nav>
<div class="alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show" role="alert">
    Follow <a href="https://t.me/MIUIUpdatesTracker" class="alert-link">MIUI Updates Tracker</a> on Telegram to get
    notified when a new ROM is out!
    <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="alert" aria-label="Close">
        <span aria-hidden="true">&times;</span>
    </button>
</div>
<div class="col-12 mx-auto">
    <h3 class="title bg-light p-2 rounded">MIUI V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM Stable Official Update for Redmi Note 12 5G China (sunstone)</h3>
    <h5>This page shows the V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM update only. If you're looking for other updates check
        <a href="/miui/sunstone/">here.</a></h5>
    <p><i>Note: </i>All files listed here are official untouched MIUI ROMs.
        It's not owned, modified or edited by Xiaomi Firmware Updater.</p>
    <div class="card">
        <div class="card-body">
            <h5 class="card-title">Note</h5>
            <h6 class="card-subtitle mb-2 text-muted">You might be looking for something else!</h6>
            <p class="card-text">This page shows a single update only.
                If you're looking for another update or other downloads check:</p>
            <a href="/miui/" class="card-link">MIUI Downloads</a>
            <a href="/firmware/" class="card-link">Firmware Downloads</a>
            <a href="/vendor/" class="card-link">Vendor Downloads</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    {%include ads.html%}
    <div class="row justify-content-center">
        <div class="col-10" id="downloads">
                    <div class="card card-body">
            {%include vli_ad_320x50_1.html%}
            <ul class="list-unstyled">
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Device: </b>Redmi Note 12 5G China</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Codename: </b> <a href="/miui/sunstone/" target="_blank">sunstone</a> </h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Version: </b>V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Branch: </b>Stable</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Type: </b>Recovery</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Size: </b>4.4 GB</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Release Date: </b>2023-02-14</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Package Name: </b><span id="filename" class="text-dark">miui_SUNSTONE_V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM_38455e4b24_13.0.zip</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>MD5: </b><span id="md5" class="text-muted">38455e4b248c95e86f728fa6b0e728ff</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Download: </b><button type="button" id="download" class="btn btn-primary" style="margin: 7px;"
                            onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM/miui_SUNSTONE_V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM_38455e4b24_13.0.zip', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Full ROM</button></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Changelog: </b><a href="#sunstone_1_changelog" data-toggle="collapse" role="button"
                            aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="sunstone_1_changelog"> <i class="fa fa-arrow-down"
                                aria-hidden="true"></i> Expand/Hide</a></h5>
                    <div class="collapse" id="sunstone_1_changelog">
                        <p id="changelog_text">[MIUI 14]<br>Ready. Steady. Live.<br>[Highlights]<br>MIUI uses less memory now and keeps being swift and responsive over much more extended periods.<br>Improved system architecture comprehensively boosts the performance of both pre-installed and third-party apps while saving power.<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>[System]<br>Updated Android Security Patch to February 2023. Increased system security.<br>Stable MIUI based on Android 13<br>Your device will be upgraded to the new version of Android. Don't forget to back up all important items before upgrading. The update process might take longer than usual. Expect overheating and other performance issues after you update - it might take some time for your device to adapt to the new version. Remember that some third-party apps aren't yet compatible with Android 13 and you might not be able to use them normally. Thanks for your continued support.<br>[Basic experience]<br>MIUI uses less memory now and keeps being swift and responsive over much more extended periods.<br>Improved system architecture comprehensively boosts the performance of both pre-installed and third-party apps while saving power.<br>[Personalization]<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Super icons will give your Home screen a new look. (Update Home screen and Themes to the latest version to be able to use Super icons.)<br>Home screen folders will highlight the apps you need most making them just one tap away from you.<br>[Privacy protection]<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>You can press and hold the text on a Gallery image to instantly recognize it now. 8 languages are supported.<br>[Family services]<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>Family services allow creating of groups with up to 8 members and offer various roles with different permissions.<br>You can share photo albums with your family group now. Everyone in the group will be able to view and upload new items.<br>Set your shared album as a screensaver on your TV and let all your family members enjoy these joyful memories together!<br>Family services allow sharing of health data (e.g. heart rate, blood oxygen, and sleep) with family members.<br>Child accounts offer a series of sophisticated measures of parental controls, from limiting screen time and restricting app usage to setting a secure area.<br>[Mi AI voice assistant]<br>Mi AI is no longer just a voice assistant. You can use it as a scanner, translator, call assistant, and more.<br>Mi AI allows you to perform complicated daily tasks by using simple voice commands. Communicating with your device could never be easier.<br>With Mi AI, you can scan and recognize anything - be it an unfamiliar plant or an important document.<br>Mi AI is ready to help whenever you bump into a language barrier. Smart translation tools support multiple languages.<br>Dealing with calls is so convenient with Mi AI: it can filter spam calls or easily take care of the calls for you.<br>[More features and improvements]<br>Search in Settings is now more advanced. With search history and categories in results, everything looks much crisper now.<br>You can boost connection speed using mobile data when the Wi-Fi signal is too weak.</p>
                    </div>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <div class="card card-body">
            {%include vli_ad_320x50_1.html%}
            <ul class="list-unstyled">
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Device: </b>Redmi Note 12 5G China</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Codename: </b> <a href="/miui/sunstone/" target="_blank">sunstone</a> </h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Version: </b>V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Branch: </b>Stable</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Type: </b>Fastboot</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Size: </b>5.7 GB</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Release Date: </b>2023-02-08</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Package Name: </b><span id="filename" class="text-dark">sunstone_images_V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM_20230208.0000.00_13.0_cn_a92ada09bc.tgz</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>MD5: </b><span id="md5" class="text-muted">a92ada09bcd4439542a5fa3ba7d144f3</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Download: </b><button type="button" id="download" class="btn btn-primary" style="margin: 7px;"
                            onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM/sunstone_images_V14.0.1.0.TMQCNXM_20230208.0000.00_13.0_cn_a92ada09bc.tgz', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Full ROM</button></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Changelog: </b><a href="#sunstone_2_changelog" data-toggle="collapse" role="button"
                            aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="sunstone_2_changelog"> <i class="fa fa-arrow-down"
                                aria-hidden="true"></i> Expand/Hide</a></h5>
                    <div class="collapse" id="sunstone_2_changelog">
                        <p id="changelog_text">[MIUI 14]<br>Ready. Steady. Live.<br>[Highlights]<br>MIUI uses less memory now and keeps being swift and responsive over much more extended periods.<br>Improved system architecture comprehensively boosts the performance of both pre-installed and third-party apps while saving power.<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>[System]<br>Updated Android Security Patch to February 2023. Increased system security.<br>Stable MIUI based on Android 13<br>Your device will be upgraded to the new version of Android. Don't forget to back up all important items before upgrading. The update process might take longer than usual. Expect overheating and other performance issues after you update - it might take some time for your device to adapt to the new version. Remember that some third-party apps aren't yet compatible with Android 13 and you might not be able to use them normally. Thanks for your continued support.<br>[Basic experience]<br>MIUI uses less memory now and keeps being swift and responsive over much more extended periods.<br>Improved system architecture comprehensively boosts the performance of both pre-installed and third-party apps while saving power.<br>[Personalization]<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Super icons will give your Home screen a new look. (Update Home screen and Themes to the latest version to be able to use Super icons.)<br>Home screen folders will highlight the apps you need most making them just one tap away from you.<br>[Privacy protection]<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>You can press and hold the text on a Gallery image to instantly recognize it now. 8 languages are supported.<br>[Family services]<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>Family services allow creating of groups with up to 8 members and offer various roles with different permissions.<br>You can share photo albums with your family group now. Everyone in the group will be able to view and upload new items.<br>Set your shared album as a screensaver on your TV and let all your family members enjoy these joyful memories together!<br>Family services allow sharing of health data (e.g. heart rate, blood oxygen, and sleep) with family members.<br>Child accounts offer a series of sophisticated measures of parental controls, from limiting screen time and restricting app usage to setting a secure area.<br>[Mi AI voice assistant]<br>Mi AI is no longer just a voice assistant. You can use it as a scanner, translator, call assistant, and more.<br>Mi AI allows you to perform complicated daily tasks by using simple voice commands. Communicating with your device could never be easier.<br>With Mi AI, you can scan and recognize anything - be it an unfamiliar plant or an important document.<br>Mi AI is ready to help whenever you bump into a language barrier. Smart translation tools support multiple languages.<br>Dealing with calls is so convenient with Mi AI: it can filter spam calls or easily take care of the calls for you.<br>[More features and improvements]<br>Search in Settings is now more advanced. With search history and categories in results, everything looks much crisper now.<br>You can boost connection speed using mobile data when the Wi-Fi signal is too weak.</p>
                    </div>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>

        </div>
        {%include vli_ad_160x600_1.html%}
    </div>
</div>
