---
title: Redmi K30 Pro China MIUI V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM Update
layout: download
name: Redmi K30 Pro China
codename: lmi
permalink: /miui/lmi/stable beta/V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM/
---
<nav aria-label="breadcrumb">
    <ol class="breadcrumb">
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/">Home</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/">MIUI</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/lmi/">Redmi K30 Pro China</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item active" aria-current="page">V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM</li>
    </ol>
</nav>
<div class="alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show" role="alert">
    Follow <a href="https://t.me/MIUIUpdatesTracker" class="alert-link">MIUI Updates Tracker</a> on Telegram to get
    notified when a new ROM is out!
    <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="alert" aria-label="Close">
        <span aria-hidden="true">&times;</span>
    </button>
</div>
<div class="col-12 mx-auto">
    <h3 class="title bg-light p-2 rounded">MIUI V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM Stable Beta Official Update for Redmi K30 Pro China (lmi)</h3>
    <h5>This page shows the V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM update only. If you're looking for other updates check
        <a href="/miui/lmi/">here.</a></h5>
    <p><i>Note: </i>All files listed here are official untouched MIUI ROMs.
        It's not owned, modified or edited by Xiaomi Firmware Updater.</p>
    <div class="card">
        <div class="card-body">
            <h5 class="card-title">Note</h5>
            <h6 class="card-subtitle mb-2 text-muted">You might be looking for something else!</h6>
            <p class="card-text">This page shows a single update only.
                If you're looking for another update or other downloads check:</p>
            <a href="/miui/" class="card-link">MIUI Downloads</a>
            <a href="/firmware/" class="card-link">Firmware Downloads</a>
            <a href="/vendor/" class="card-link">Vendor Downloads</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    {%include ads.html%}
    <div class="row justify-content-center">
        <div class="col-10" id="downloads">
                    <div class="card card-body">
            {%include vli_ad_320x50_1.html%}
            <ul class="list-unstyled">
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Device: </b>Redmi K30 Pro China</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Codename: </b> <a href="/miui/lmi/" target="_blank">lmi</a> </h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Version: </b>V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Branch: </b>Stable Beta</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Type: </b>Recovery</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Size: </b>4.7 GB</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Release Date: </b>2023-03-10</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Package Name: </b><span id="filename" class="text-dark">miui_LMI_V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM_9079c992b4_12.0.zip</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>MD5: </b><span id="md5" class="text-muted">9079c992b4ab6c4213c6a53d46be86d8</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Download: </b><button type="button" id="download" class="btn btn-primary" style="margin: 7px;"
                            onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM/miui_LMI_V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM_9079c992b4_12.0.zip', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Full ROM</button><button type="button" id="incremental_download" class="btn btn-warning" onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM/miui-blockota-lmi-V14.0.1.0.SJKCNXM-V14.0.3.0.SJKCNXM-4814656e8e-12.0.zip', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Incremental Update</button></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Changelog: </b><a href="#lmi_1_changelog" data-toggle="collapse" role="button"
                            aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="lmi_1_changelog"> <i class="fa fa-arrow-down"
                                aria-hidden="true"></i> Expand/Hide</a></h5>
                    <div class="collapse" id="lmi_1_changelog">
                        <p id="changelog_text">[MIUI 14]<br>Ready. Steady. Live.<br>Ready. Steady. Live.<br>Ready. Steady. Live.<br>[Highlights]<br>Mi Smart Hub gets a significant revamp, works much faster, and supports more devices.<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>Improved system architecture comprehensively boosts the performance of both pre-installed and third-party apps while saving power.<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Mi Smart Hub gets a significant revamp, works much faster, and supports more devices.<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>Improved system architecture comprehensively boosts the performance of both pre-installed and third-party apps while saving power.<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Mi Smart Hub gets a significant revamp, works much faster, and supports more devices.<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>Improved system architecture comprehensively boosts the performance of both pre-installed and third-party apps while saving power.<br>[System]<br>Updated Android Security Patch to February 2023. Increased system security.<br>Updated Android Security Patch to February 2023. Increased system security.<br>Updated Android Security Patch to February 2023. Increased system security.<br>[Personalization]<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Super icons will give your Home screen a new look. (Update Home screen and Themes to the latest version to be able to use Super icons.)<br>New widget formats allow more combinations, making your experience even more convenient.<br>Home screen folders will highlight the apps you need most making them just one tap away from you.<br>Want a plant or pet to always wait for you on your Home screen? MIUI has lots of them to offer now!<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Super icons will give your Home screen a new look. (Update Home screen and Themes to the latest version to be able to use Super icons.)<br>New widget formats allow more combinations, making your experience even more convenient.<br>Home screen folders will highlight the apps you need most making them just one tap away from you.<br>Want a plant or pet to always wait for you on your Home screen? MIUI has lots of them to offer now!<br>Attention to detail redefines personalization and brings it to a new level.<br>Super icons will give your Home screen a new look. (Update Home screen and Themes to the latest version to be able to use Super icons.)<br>New widget formats allow more combinations, making your experience even more convenient.<br>Home screen folders will highlight the apps you need most making them just one tap away from you.<br>Want a plant or pet to always wait for you on your Home screen? MIUI has lots of them to offer now!<br>[Privacy protection]<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>You can press and hold the text on a Gallery image to instantly recognize it now. 8 languages are supported.<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>You can press and hold the text on a Gallery image to instantly recognize it now. 8 languages are supported.<br>More than 30 scenes now support end-to-end privacy with no data stored in the cloud and all actions performed locally on the device.<br>You can press and hold the text on a Gallery image to instantly recognize it now. 8 languages are supported.<br>[Interconnectivity]<br>Mi Smart Hub gets a significant revamp, works much faster, and supports more devices.<br>Bandwidth allocated to interconnectivity makes discovering, connecting, and transferring items much faster.<br>You can easily connect earphones to your phone, tablet, and TV, and switch between these devices seamlessly.<br>Whenever text input is required on your TV, you can get a convenient pop-up on your phone and enter text there.<br>You can easily connect earphones to your phone, tablet, and TV, and switch between these devices seamlessly.<br>Whenever text input is required on your TV, you can get a convenient pop-up on your phone and enter text there.<br>Mi Smart Hub gets a significant revamp, works much faster, and supports more devices.<br>Bandwidth allocated to interconnectivity makes discovering, connecting, and transferring items much faster.<br>You can easily connect earphones to your phone, tablet, and TV, and switch between these devices seamlessly.<br>Whenever text input is required on your TV, you can get a convenient pop-up on your phone and enter text there.<br>Mi Smart Hub gets a significant revamp, works much faster, and supports more devices.<br>Bandwidth allocated to interconnectivity makes discovering, connecting, and transferring items much faster.<br>[Family services]<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>Family services allow creating of groups with up to 8 members and offer various roles with different permissions.<br>You can share photo albums with your family group now. Everyone in the group will be able to view and upload new items.<br>Set your shared album as a screensaver on your TV and let all your family members enjoy these joyful memories together!<br>Family services allow sharing of health data (e.g. heart rate, blood oxygen, and sleep) with family members.<br>Child accounts offer a series of sophisticated measures of parental controls, from limiting screen time and restricting app usage to setting a secure area.<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>Family services allow creating of groups with up to 8 members and offer various roles with different permissions.<br>You can share photo albums with your family group now. Everyone in the group will be able to view and upload new items.<br>Set your shared album as a screensaver on your TV and let all your family members enjoy these joyful memories together!<br>Family services allow sharing of health data (e.g. heart rate, blood oxygen, and sleep) with family members.<br>Child accounts offer a series of sophisticated measures of parental controls, from limiting screen time and restricting app usage to setting a secure area.<br>Family services allow sharing all the essential things with the people you care about most.<br>Family services allow creating of groups with up to 8 members and offer various roles with different permissions.<br>You can share photo albums with your family group now. Everyone in the group will be able to view and upload new items.<br>Set your shared album as a screensaver on your TV and let all your family members enjoy these joyful memories together!<br>Family services allow sharing of health data (e.g. heart rate, blood oxygen, and sleep) with family members.<br>Child accounts offer a series of sophisticated measures of parental controls, from limiting screen time and restricting app usage to setting a secure area.<br>[Mi AI voice assistant]<br>Mi AI is no longer just a voice assistant. You can use it as a scanner, translator, call assistant, and more.<br>Mi AI allows you to perform complicated daily tasks by using simple voice commands. Communicating with your device could never be easier.<br>With Mi AI, you can scan and recognize anything - be it an unfamiliar plant or an important document.<br>Mi AI is ready to help whenever you bump into a language barrier. Smart translation tools support multiple languages.<br>Dealing with calls is so convenient with Mi AI: it can filter spam calls or easily take care of the calls for you.<br>Mi AI is no longer just a voice assistant. You can use it as a scanner, translator, call assistant, and more.<br>Mi AI allows you to perform complicated daily tasks by using simple voice commands. Communicating with your device could never be easier.<br>With Mi AI, you can scan and recognize anything - be it an unfamiliar plant or an important document.<br>Mi AI is ready to help whenever you bump into a language barrier. Smart translation tools support multiple languages.<br>Dealing with calls is so convenient with Mi AI: it can filter spam calls or easily take care of the calls for you.<br>Mi AI is no longer just a voice assistant. You can use it as a scanner, translator, call assistant, and more.<br>Mi AI allows you to perform complicated daily tasks by using simple voice commands. Communicating with your device could never be easier.<br>With Mi AI, you can scan and recognize anything - be it an unfamiliar plant or an important document.<br>Mi AI is ready to help whenever you bump into a language barrier. Smart translation tools support multiple languages.<br>Dealing with calls is so convenient with Mi AI: it can filter spam calls or easily take care of the calls for you.<br>[More features and improvements]<br>Search in Settings is now more advanced. With search history and categories in results, everything looks much crisper now.<br>Your device can work with much more types of wireless card readers. You can open supported cars or swipe student IDs with your phone now.<br>Whenever you sign out of your account, you can choose to keep all your cards on the device without having to add them again next time.<br>Search in Settings is now more advanced. With search history and categories in results, everything looks much crisper now.<br>Your device can work with much more types of wireless card readers. You can open supported cars or swipe student IDs with your phone now.<br>Whenever you sign out of your account, you can choose to keep all your cards on the device without having to add them again next time.<br>Search in Settings is now more advanced. With search history and categories in results, everything looks much crisper now.<br>Your device can work with much more types of wireless card readers. You can open supported cars or swipe student IDs with your phone now.<br>Whenever you sign out of your account, you can choose to keep all your cards on the device without having to add them again next time.</p>
                    </div>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>

        </div>
        {%include vli_ad_160x600_1.html%}
    </div>
</div>
