---
title: Mi 10 China MIUI V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM Update
layout: download
name: Mi 10 China
codename: umi
permalink: /miui/umi/stable/V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM/
---
<nav aria-label="breadcrumb">
    <ol class="breadcrumb">
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/">Home</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/">MIUI</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/umi/">Mi 10 China</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item active" aria-current="page">V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM</li>
    </ol>
</nav>
<div class="alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show" role="alert">
    Follow <a href="https://t.me/MIUIUpdatesTracker" class="alert-link">MIUI Updates Tracker</a> on Telegram to get
    notified when a new ROM is out!
    <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="alert" aria-label="Close">
        <span aria-hidden="true">&times;</span>
    </button>
</div>
<div class="col-12 mx-auto">
    <h3 class="title bg-light p-2 rounded">MIUI V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM Stable Official Update for Mi 10 China (umi)</h3>
    <h5>This page shows the V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM update only. If you're looking for other updates check
        <a href="/miui/umi/">here.</a></h5>
    <p><i>Note: </i>All files listed here are official untouched MIUI ROMs.
        It's not owned, modified or edited by Xiaomi Firmware Updater.</p>
    <div class="card">
        <div class="card-body">
            <h5 class="card-title">Note</h5>
            <h6 class="card-subtitle mb-2 text-muted">You might be looking for something else!</h6>
            <p class="card-text">This page shows a single update only.
                If you're looking for another update or other downloads check:</p>
            <a href="/miui/" class="card-link">MIUI Downloads</a>
            <a href="/firmware/" class="card-link">Firmware Downloads</a>
            <a href="/vendor/" class="card-link">Vendor Downloads</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    {%include ads.html%}
    <div class="row justify-content-center">
        <div class="col-10" id="downloads">
                    <div class="card card-body">
            {%include vli_ad_320x50_1.html%}
            <ul class="list-unstyled">
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Device: </b>Mi 10 China</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Codename: </b> <a href="/miui/umi/" target="_blank">umi</a> </h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Version: </b>V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Branch: </b>Stable</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Type: </b>Recovery</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Size: </b>4.0 GB</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Release Date: </b>2021-04-03</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Package Name: </b><span id="filename" class="text-dark">miui_UMI_V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM_94e14e79f2_11.0.zip</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>MD5: </b><span id="md5" class="text-muted">94e14e79f2f45c5a43dcbaaaa8734892</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Download: </b><button type="button" id="download" class="btn btn-primary" style="margin: 7px;"
                            onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM/miui_UMI_V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM_94e14e79f2_11.0.zip', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Full ROM</button><button type="button" id="incremental_download" class="btn btn-warning" onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM/miui-blockota-umi-V12.2.9.0.RJBCNXM-V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM-2f40d17157-11.0.zip', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Incremental Update</button></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Changelog: </b><a href="#umi_1_changelog" data-toggle="collapse" role="button"
                            aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="umi_1_changelog"> <i class="fa fa-arrow-down"
                                aria-hidden="true"></i> Expand/Hide</a></h5>
                    <div class="collapse" id="umi_1_changelog">
                        <p id="changelog_text">[System]<br>New: Response to gestures is now instant.<br>New: With 20 times more rendering power, there are now few limits to what you can see on your screen.<br>New: With custom device model adjustments, any phone becomes faster after the upgrade.<br>Optimization: Full screen gestures are now ignored on the Lock screen alarm page<br>Optimization: MIUI became lighter, faster, and more durable.<br>[System animations]<br>New: A new animation framework renders movement more realistically.<br>New: New UI design is focused on visualization and making your interaction with the device more lifelike.<br>[Haptic feedback]<br>New: Haptic feedback brings a new dimension to familiar actions.<br>[System sounds]<br>New: Nature mix is a new exciting way of creating your own notification sound system.<br>New: Hundreds of system sounds that represent animals from all around the world.<br>New: Stereo system sounds.<br>[Super wallpapers]<br>New: Mount Siguniang super wallpaper.<br>[Privacy protection]<br>New: Now you can see what apps access your clipboard and control access.<br>New: Using approximate location adds up points to privacy protection.<br>New: You can now manage sensitive permissions and related app behavior independently.<br>New: The behavior of web pages is also tracked now, which helps you to block unwanted and malicious actions.<br>New: Now it's up to you who and when can track your online behavior.<br>New: All apps now come with a security statement from GetApps.<br>New: Privacy risk scanner.<br>New: Control which apps access and delete items from your Gallery.<br>New: A comprehensive overview of all sensitive permissions.<br>New: You'll be notified whenever high-risk permissions are used and will be able to block the corresponding actions.<br>Optimization: An all-new privacy protection page.<br>[Notes]<br>New: Compose mind maps with complex structures.<br>New: New tools for doodling and sketching.<br>New: Press and hold a sketch to adjust the strokes automatically.<br>New: A gesture shortcut now allows you to create notes, tasks, and excerpts anywhere.<br>New: Excerpts save text, URLs, and images to Notes in a few simple taps.<br>New: Dynamic layouts make bring the typography in Notes to a new level.<br>All-new Notes.<br>[MIUI+]<br>You can combine your phone and computer into a single working station.<br>You can view MIUI notifications and open phone apps on your computer.<br>Apps from your phone can be handed off to your computer.<br>The items copied on a phone can now be pasted on the computer and vice versa.<br>Photos and screenshots from a mobile device can be instantly used on a computer.<br>Web pages can be seamlessly handed over from one device to another.<br>You can transfer files to your mobile device using the "MIUI+" panel on your computer.<br>New "File Manager" and "Notes" for computers.<br>[Floating windows]<br>New: Instant messengers now support floating windows.<br>New: Floating windows can be quickly replaced with fullscreen versions of the apps.<br>New: App flashcards Show key info when apps are displayed as floating windows.<br>*Learn more about new features in "Special features".<br>[Home screen]<br>New: "Ripples" animation for downloading apps.<br>New: "Burst" animation for uninstalling apps.<br>New: New design for app folders.<br>New: A vertical layout for Recents.<br>[Control center]<br>New: Swipe down from the upper left corner to open Notification shade and from the upper right corner to open Control center<br>New: An option that allows you to restrict opening Control center while on the Lock screen<br>[Xiaomi Cloud]<br>New: Convert images to PDF.<br>New: Password manager allows you to store passwords in the cloud.<br>New: You can share device location with other people in your family sharing group.<br>New: Location information can be recorded automatically before the device powers off.<br>[Dark mode]<br>Optimization: Brightness and color improvements for wallpapers in Dark mode<br>[Mi Carrier Services]<br>New: You can manage multiple SIM cards now.<br>[IME]<br>New: A more convenient way to move a cursor using the scrollbar.<br>New: Function buttons support switching between languages and keyboards.<br>New: You can press and hold the function buttons to access more features.<br>New: Custom themes for keyboards.<br>[Status bar, Notification shade]<br>New: An option to switch between connected devices in the notification about media playback<br>[Themes]<br>New: Font weight adjustment options for third party fonts.<br>Optimization: Personalization features for system wallpapers, animations, and sounds.<br>[Browser]<br>New: Wallpaper customization in the lite mode.<br>Optimization: Redesigned Incognito mode.<br>Optimization: Pages load much faster now.</p>
                    </div>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <div class="card card-body">
            {%include vli_ad_320x50_1.html%}
            <ul class="list-unstyled">
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Device: </b>Mi 10 China</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Codename: </b> <a href="/miui/umi/" target="_blank">umi</a> </h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Version: </b>V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Branch: </b>Stable</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Type: </b>Fastboot</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Size: </b>5.0 GB</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Release Date: </b>2021-03-31</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Package Name: </b><span id="filename" class="text-dark">umi_images_V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM_20210331.0000.00_11.0_cn_762f797045.tgz</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>MD5: </b><span id="md5" class="text-muted">762f79704581afb16adf4eb3a9046bc5</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Download: </b><button type="button" id="download" class="btn btn-primary" style="margin: 7px;"
                            onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM/umi_images_V12.5.3.0.RJBCNXM_20210331.0000.00_11.0_cn_762f797045.tgz', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Full ROM</button></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Changelog: </b><a href="#umi_2_changelog" data-toggle="collapse" role="button"
                            aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="umi_2_changelog"> <i class="fa fa-arrow-down"
                                aria-hidden="true"></i> Expand/Hide</a></h5>
                    <div class="collapse" id="umi_2_changelog">
                        <p id="changelog_text">[System]<br>New: Response to gestures is now instant.<br>New: With 20 times more rendering power, there are now few limits to what you can see on your screen.<br>New: With custom device model adjustments, any phone becomes faster after the upgrade.<br>Optimization: Full screen gestures are now ignored on the Lock screen alarm page<br>Optimization: MIUI became lighter, faster, and more durable.<br>[System animations]<br>New: A new animation framework renders movement more realistically.<br>New: New UI design is focused on visualization and making your interaction with the device more lifelike.<br>[Haptic feedback]<br>New: Haptic feedback brings a new dimension to familiar actions.<br>[System sounds]<br>New: Nature mix is a new exciting way of creating your own notification sound system.<br>New: Hundreds of system sounds that represent animals from all around the world.<br>New: Stereo system sounds.<br>[Super wallpapers]<br>New: Mount Siguniang super wallpaper.<br>[Privacy protection]<br>New: Now you can see what apps access your clipboard and control access.<br>New: Using approximate location adds up points to privacy protection.<br>New: You can now manage sensitive permissions and related app behavior independently.<br>New: The behavior of web pages is also tracked now, which helps you to block unwanted and malicious actions.<br>New: Now it's up to you who and when can track your online behavior.<br>New: All apps now come with a security statement from GetApps.<br>New: Privacy risk scanner.<br>New: Control which apps access and delete items from your Gallery.<br>New: A comprehensive overview of all sensitive permissions.<br>New: You'll be notified whenever high-risk permissions are used and will be able to block the corresponding actions.<br>Optimization: An all-new privacy protection page.<br>[Notes]<br>New: Compose mind maps with complex structures.<br>New: New tools for doodling and sketching.<br>New: Press and hold a sketch to adjust the strokes automatically.<br>New: A gesture shortcut now allows you to create notes, tasks, and excerpts anywhere.<br>New: Excerpts save text, URLs, and images to Notes in a few simple taps.<br>New: Dynamic layouts make bring the typography in Notes to a new level.<br>All-new Notes.<br>[MIUI+]<br>You can combine your phone and computer into a single working station.<br>You can view MIUI notifications and open phone apps on your computer.<br>Apps from your phone can be handed off to your computer.<br>The items copied on a phone can now be pasted on the computer and vice versa.<br>Photos and screenshots from a mobile device can be instantly used on a computer.<br>Web pages can be seamlessly handed over from one device to another.<br>You can transfer files to your mobile device using the "MIUI+" panel on your computer.<br>New "File Manager" and "Notes" for computers.<br>[Floating windows]<br>New: Instant messengers now support floating windows.<br>New: Floating windows can be quickly replaced with fullscreen versions of the apps.<br>New: App flashcards Show key info when apps are displayed as floating windows.<br>*Learn more about new features in "Special features".<br>[Home screen]<br>New: "Ripples" animation for downloading apps.<br>New: "Burst" animation for uninstalling apps.<br>New: New design for app folders.<br>New: A vertical layout for Recents.<br>[Control center]<br>New: Swipe down from the upper left corner to open Notification shade and from the upper right corner to open Control center<br>New: An option that allows you to restrict opening Control center while on the Lock screen<br>[Xiaomi Cloud]<br>New: Convert images to PDF.<br>New: Password manager allows you to store passwords in the cloud.<br>New: You can share device location with other people in your family sharing group.<br>New: Location information can be recorded automatically before the device powers off.<br>[Dark mode]<br>Optimization: Brightness and color improvements for wallpapers in Dark mode<br>[Mi Carrier Services]<br>New: You can manage multiple SIM cards now.<br>[IME]<br>New: A more convenient way to move a cursor using the scrollbar.<br>New: Function buttons support switching between languages and keyboards.<br>New: You can press and hold the function buttons to access more features.<br>New: Custom themes for keyboards.<br>[Status bar, Notification shade]<br>New: An option to switch between connected devices in the notification about media playback<br>[Themes]<br>New: Font weight adjustment options for third party fonts.<br>Optimization: Personalization features for system wallpapers, animations, and sounds.<br>[Browser]<br>New: Wallpaper customization in the lite mode.<br>Optimization: Redesigned Incognito mode.<br>Optimization: Pages load much faster now.</p>
                    </div>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>

        </div>
        {%include vli_ad_160x600_1.html%}
    </div>
</div>
