---
title: Mi 10 Pro China MIUI V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM Update
layout: download
name: Mi 10 Pro China
codename: cmi
permalink: /miui/cmi/stable/V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM/
---
<nav aria-label="breadcrumb">
    <ol class="breadcrumb">
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/">Home</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/">MIUI</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="/miui/cmi/">Mi 10 Pro China</a></li>
        <li class="breadcrumb-item active" aria-current="page">V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM</li>
    </ol>
</nav>
<div class="alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show" role="alert">
    Follow <a href="https://t.me/MIUIUpdatesTracker" class="alert-link">MIUI Updates Tracker</a> on Telegram to get
    notified when a new ROM is out!
    <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="alert" aria-label="Close">
        <span aria-hidden="true">&times;</span>
    </button>
</div>
<div class="col-12 mx-auto">
    <h3 class="title bg-light p-2 rounded">MIUI V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM Stable Official Update for Mi 10 Pro China (cmi)</h3>
    <h5>This page shows the V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM update only. If you're looking for other updates check
        <a href="/miui/cmi/">here.</a></h5>
    <p><i>Note: </i>All files listed here are official untouched MIUI ROMs.
        It's not owned, modified or edited by Xiaomi Firmware Updater.</p>
    <div class="card">
        <div class="card-body">
            <h5 class="card-title">Note</h5>
            <h6 class="card-subtitle mb-2 text-muted">You might be looking for something else!</h6>
            <p class="card-text">This page shows a single update only.
                If you're looking for another update or other downloads check:</p>
            <a href="/miui/" class="card-link">MIUI Downloads</a>
            <a href="/firmware/" class="card-link">Firmware Downloads</a>
            <a href="/vendor/" class="card-link">Vendor Downloads</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    {%include ads.html%}
    <div class="row justify-content-center">
        <div class="col-10" id="downloads">
                    <div class="card card-body">
            {%include pix_ad_320x50_1.html%}
            <ul class="list-unstyled">
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Device: </b>Mi 10 Pro China</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Codename: </b> <a href="/miui/cmi/" target="_blank">cmi</a> </h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Version: </b>V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Branch: </b>Stable</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Type: </b>Recovery</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Size: </b>3.8 GB</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Release Date: </b>2020-06-29</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Package Name: </b><span id="filename" class="text-dark">miui_CMI_V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM_abee2ef38f_10.0.zip</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>MD5: </b><span id="md5" class="text-muted">abee2ef38f249156047ed5329a21e034</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Download: </b><button type="button" id="download" class="btn btn-primary" style="margin: 7px;"
                            onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM/miui_CMI_V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM_abee2ef38f_10.0.zip', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Full ROM</button><button type="button" id="incremental_download" class="btn btn-warning" onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM/miui-blockota-cmi-V12.0.1.0.QJACNXM-V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM-0a30f81c4d-10.0.zip', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Incremental Update</button></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Changelog: </b><a href="#cmi_1_changelog" data-toggle="collapse" role="button"
                            aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="cmi_1_changelog"> <i class="fa fa-arrow-down"
                                aria-hidden="true"></i> Expand/Hide</a></h5>
                    <div class="collapse" id="cmi_1_changelog">
                        <p id="changelog_text">[Highlights]<br>MIUI 12. Yours alone.<br>[System animations]<br>New: All-new physically based animation engine with advanced architecture will refresh your device's look.<br>New: Dynamic window technology takes switching screen orientation to a new level.<br>[System visuals]<br>Brand new visual design works for all types of content and languages.<br>Magazine-level layouts bring important things into the spotlight and make content structure clear.<br>[Super wallpapers]<br>New: Super wallpapers break physical boundaries and keep inspiring you with every touch.<br>Fix: Status bar colors weren't displayed correctly in the Dark mode<br>[Privacy protection]<br>New: MIUI 12 is the first Android-based mobile OS that went through the rigorous enhanced privacy protection testing.<br>New: Reset your device ID and control how it's used based on virtual ID technology.<br>New: Grant permissions that will be used only while you're using an app.<br>New: You can also grant permissions just once, and decide again next time a permission is required.<br>New: Restrict access to telephony to third party apps.<br>New: Return blank messages to the apps that require personal information.<br>New: Receive notifications whenever apps record audio, use camera, or access your location.<br>New: Use secure sharing to control what additional data is sent along with shared items.<br>New: Get comprehensive stats on how apps use permissions in app behavior history.<br>New: Visit privacy.miui.com to learn how MIUI protects your privacy.<br>Optimization: Apps aren't allowed to launch other apps in the background now.<br>[Floating windows]<br>New: Pull down a notification sent by a messenger app to turn it into a floating window.<br>New: Floating windows keep apps running in the foreground even when you pause to do other things.<br>New: You can minimize a floating window using a full screen gesture.<br>New: You can open an app in a floating window directly from Recents.<br>Optimization: Press and hold an app preview in Recents to choose between Split screen and floating windows.<br>[AI Call Assistant]<br>New: Mi AI can answer your calls now!<br>New: You can record a customized greeting that will be played to the other person during AI calls.<br>New: Customized greetings are also supported for outgoing calls.<br>[Xiaomi Health]<br>New: All-new Xiaomi Health gives you more options and makes your health stats more accurate.<br>New: Put your device next to you before falling asleep to analyze your sleep cycle and record talking and snoring.<br>New: You can sync data with supported wearable and smart home devices.<br>New: Xiaomi Health can remind you to stand up and move when it detects that you've been sitting down for too long.<br>New: The app also analyzes your stats and gives you simple health advice.<br>New: Our new low-power consumption AI algorithm allows you to count steps and track workouts whenever your device is with you.<br>[Control center]<br>New: Swipe down from the upper right corner of your screen to open Control center.<br>New: Animated icons are a joy to look at!<br>Optimization: Control center is now closed by incoming calls<br>Optimization: Press and hold redirection options<br>Fix: Brightness adjustment bar couldn't be used when Control center was opened for the first time<br>Fix: Toggle order wasn't correct on the old toggle panel<br>Fix: Switching SIM cards crashed the app in some cases<br>Fix: Accessibility features weren't available in the editing mode<br>[Mi Share]<br>New: Recently connected devices will be pinned on top of the list for a short time<br>[Accessibility]<br>New: Mi Ditto combines dictation and speech output, making mobile devices more convenient for people who have difficulties using conventionally designed smartphones.<br>[Dark mode]<br>New: Dark mode support is also provided for third party apps now.<br>New: Contrast is lowered automatically in low light conditions to protect your eyes.<br>New: Font weight is adjusted to Dark mode as well, reducing blur and glare.<br>New: Wallpapers can be displayed in darker palette when your device switches to Dark mode.<br>[Always-on display]<br>New: You can use custom images with Always-on display now.<br>New: Usage history saves all your choices and allows you to come back to them.<br>Fix: Lock screen items were shown on the Always-on display<br>[Trips]<br>New: Traffic and suggested routes to airports and train stations.<br>New: You can track your previous trips now.<br>New: Checklists for trips.<br>New: Alarms for train arrivals.<br>[Mi Carrier Services]<br>New: View your SIM balance and mobile data usage stats.<br>New: Save frequently used phone numbers to top up balance and buy mobile data later.<br>New: Buy SIM cards and services.<br>[System]<br>Updated Android Security Patch to May 2020. Increased system security.<br>[Messaging]<br>New: Promotional messages are grouped according to their content now.<br>[Lock screen]<br>Removed: Lock screen and Always-on display issues in Second space<br>[Status bar, Notification shade]<br>New: All-new design.<br>[Home screen]<br>New: Animated Home screen icons are neat and satisfying.<br>New: We've added a new animation for uninstalling apps.<br>New: Gravitational animations make returning to Home screen look seamless and natural.<br>[Themes]<br>New: More than 2000 new Always-on display themes.<br>[Weather]<br>New: New animations bring the weather from outside directly to your screen.<br>[Settings]<br>New: Security introduces new comprehensive privacy protection mechanisms.<br>New: Lite mode simplifies your device and brings essential features up front.<br>New: New full screen gestures for switching between apps are available.<br>[File Manager]<br>New: Use the floating shortcut to filter and sort items, as well as switch view.<br>[Calendar]<br>New: New layout tailored for landscape orientation is available now.<br>New: We added lots of fresh animations that will accompany your actions.<br>New: Calendar cards will remind you about important events and anniversaries.<br>[Notes]<br>New: You can create folders with notes now.<br>New: New dynamic backgrounds look gorgeous!<br>New: Tasks are completed with a satisfying animation now.<br>New: Checklists of subtasks make managing your agenda much simpler.<br>[Game speed booster]<br>New: You can record key moments of your gaming sessions automatically now.<br>New: Voice changer is available now.<br>[Security]<br>New: New animations feel natural and refreshing.<br>New: Keep your home safe with smart home device alerts.<br>New: Binging your favorite shows will be more convenient with our new video toolbox.<br>[Xiaomi Cloud]<br>New: Shared family storage plan is available now.</p>
                    </div>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <div class="card card-body">
            {%include pix_ad_320x50_1.html%}
            <ul class="list-unstyled">
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Device: </b>Mi 10 Pro China</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Codename: </b> <a href="/miui/cmi/" target="_blank">cmi</a> </h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Version: </b>V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Branch: </b>Stable</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Type: </b>Fastboot</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Size: </b>4.5 GB</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Release Date: </b>2020-06-19</h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Package Name: </b><span id="filename" class="text-dark">cmi_images_V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM_20200619.0000.00_10.0_cn_03e9942109.tgz</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>MD5: </b><span id="md5" class="text-muted">03e9942109fb40f8cc48b0b9150155fd</span></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Download: </b><button type="button" id="download" class="btn btn-primary" style="margin: 7px;"
                            onclick="window.open('https://bigota.d.miui.com/V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM/cmi_images_V12.0.2.0.QJACNXM_20200619.0000.00_10.0_cn_03e9942109.tgz', '_blank');"><i class="fa fa-download"></i> Full ROM</button></h5>
                </li>
                <li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                    <h5><b>Changelog: </b><a href="#cmi_2_changelog" data-toggle="collapse" role="button"
                            aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="cmi_2_changelog"> <i class="fa fa-arrow-down"
                                aria-hidden="true"></i> Expand/Hide</a></h5>
                    <div class="collapse" id="cmi_2_changelog">
                        <p id="changelog_text">[Highlights]<br>MIUI 12. Yours alone.<br>[System animations]<br>New: All-new physically based animation engine with advanced architecture will refresh your device's look.<br>New: Dynamic window technology takes switching screen orientation to a new level.<br>[System visuals]<br>Brand new visual design works for all types of content and languages.<br>Magazine-level layouts bring important things into the spotlight and make content structure clear.<br>[Super wallpapers]<br>New: Super wallpapers break physical boundaries and keep inspiring you with every touch.<br>Fix: Status bar colors weren't displayed correctly in the Dark mode<br>[Privacy protection]<br>New: MIUI 12 is the first Android-based mobile OS that went through the rigorous enhanced privacy protection testing.<br>New: Reset your device ID and control how it's used based on virtual ID technology.<br>New: Grant permissions that will be used only while you're using an app.<br>New: You can also grant permissions just once, and decide again next time a permission is required.<br>New: Restrict access to telephony to third party apps.<br>New: Return blank messages to the apps that require personal information.<br>New: Receive notifications whenever apps record audio, use camera, or access your location.<br>New: Use secure sharing to control what additional data is sent along with shared items.<br>New: Get comprehensive stats on how apps use permissions in app behavior history.<br>New: Visit privacy.miui.com to learn how MIUI protects your privacy.<br>Optimization: Apps aren't allowed to launch other apps in the background now.<br>[Floating windows]<br>New: Pull down a notification sent by a messenger app to turn it into a floating window.<br>New: Floating windows keep apps running in the foreground even when you pause to do other things.<br>New: You can minimize a floating window using a full screen gesture.<br>New: You can open an app in a floating window directly from Recents.<br>Optimization: Press and hold an app preview in Recents to choose between Split screen and floating windows.<br>[AI Call Assistant]<br>New: Mi AI can answer your calls now!<br>New: You can record a customized greeting that will be played to the other person during AI calls.<br>New: Customized greetings are also supported for outgoing calls.<br>[Xiaomi Health]<br>New: All-new Xiaomi Health gives you more options and makes your health stats more accurate.<br>New: Put your device next to you before falling asleep to analyze your sleep cycle and record talking and snoring.<br>New: You can sync data with supported wearable and smart home devices.<br>New: Xiaomi Health can remind you to stand up and move when it detects that you've been sitting down for too long.<br>New: The app also analyzes your stats and gives you simple health advice.<br>New: Our new low-power consumption AI algorithm allows you to count steps and track workouts whenever your device is with you.<br>[Control center]<br>New: Swipe down from the upper right corner of your screen to open Control center.<br>New: Animated icons are a joy to look at!<br>Optimization: Control center is now closed by incoming calls<br>Optimization: Press and hold redirection options<br>Fix: Brightness adjustment bar couldn't be used when Control center was opened for the first time<br>Fix: Toggle order wasn't correct on the old toggle panel<br>Fix: Switching SIM cards crashed the app in some cases<br>Fix: Accessibility features weren't available in the editing mode<br>[Mi Share]<br>New: Recently connected devices will be pinned on top of the list for a short time<br>[Accessibility]<br>New: Mi Ditto combines dictation and speech output, making mobile devices more convenient for people who have difficulties using conventionally designed smartphones.<br>[Dark mode]<br>New: Dark mode support is also provided for third party apps now.<br>New: Contrast is lowered automatically in low light conditions to protect your eyes.<br>New: Font weight is adjusted to Dark mode as well, reducing blur and glare.<br>New: Wallpapers can be displayed in darker palette when your device switches to Dark mode.<br>[Always-on display]<br>New: You can use custom images with Always-on display now.<br>New: Usage history saves all your choices and allows you to come back to them.<br>Fix: Lock screen items were shown on the Always-on display<br>[Trips]<br>New: Traffic and suggested routes to airports and train stations.<br>New: You can track your previous trips now.<br>New: Checklists for trips.<br>New: Alarms for train arrivals.<br>[Mi Carrier Services]<br>New: View your SIM balance and mobile data usage stats.<br>New: Save frequently used phone numbers to top up balance and buy mobile data later.<br>New: Buy SIM cards and services.<br>[System]<br>Updated Android Security Patch to May 2020. Increased system security.<br>[Messaging]<br>New: Promotional messages are grouped according to their content now.<br>[Lock screen]<br>Removed: Lock screen and Always-on display issues in Second space<br>[Status bar, Notification shade]<br>New: All-new design.<br>[Home screen]<br>New: Animated Home screen icons are neat and satisfying.<br>New: We've added a new animation for uninstalling apps.<br>New: Gravitational animations make returning to Home screen look seamless and natural.<br>[Themes]<br>New: More than 2000 new Always-on display themes.<br>[Weather]<br>New: New animations bring the weather from outside directly to your screen.<br>[Settings]<br>New: Security introduces new comprehensive privacy protection mechanisms.<br>New: Lite mode simplifies your device and brings essential features up front.<br>New: New full screen gestures for switching between apps are available.<br>[File Manager]<br>New: Use the floating shortcut to filter and sort items, as well as switch view.<br>[Calendar]<br>New: New layout tailored for landscape orientation is available now.<br>New: We added lots of fresh animations that will accompany your actions.<br>New: Calendar cards will remind you about important events and anniversaries.<br>[Notes]<br>New: You can create folders with notes now.<br>New: New dynamic backgrounds look gorgeous!<br>New: Tasks are completed with a satisfying animation now.<br>New: Checklists of subtasks make managing your agenda much simpler.<br>[Game speed booster]<br>New: You can record key moments of your gaming sessions automatically now.<br>New: Voice changer is available now.<br>[Security]<br>New: New animations feel natural and refreshing.<br>New: Keep your home safe with smart home device alerts.<br>New: Binging your favorite shows will be more convenient with our new video toolbox.<br>[Xiaomi Cloud]<br>New: Shared family storage plan is available now.</p>
                    </div>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>

        </div>
        {%include pix_ad_160x600_1.html%}
    </div>
</div>
